Let's walk through the solution for the Rate Limiting exercise.
So the exercise was to provide the code for
the modifier that would rate limit any function that uses that modifier.
The require line in this code indicates that
the block timestamp should be greater than or equal to the value of enabled.
So this is essentially the check that makes sure that the function cannot be called
if the elapsed time does not match the delta that is required,
in this case, 30 minutes.
So it's very simple, call
the required statement and immediately after calling it, increment the time.
Note that when I increment the time enabled equals enabled,
I use the add method,
that is, from the SafeMath library to ensure
that there are no problems with the time manipulation there.
So the essence of the pattern is;
check if the time has elapsed and next,
increment the time, and this ensures that the function that is using
the modifier cannot be called if the interval has not yet elapsed.